greetings to all youtube users
this time this video is for
show them the remodeling of the fish tank
where I have my tents and talk to them
little in this video only from the
unicel many people do not believe about
of the utility of unicel
and they mount their fish tanks without this I already
had mounted the previous fish tank with a
one centimeter thickness
and when wanting to change the furniture of the place
move it even if it takes away like 80% of
water but I left the decorations and
filters do not try to move with care and
the vibrations made me give
found a corner of the fish tank and I
began to spill the liquid for that
reason also served that is I had to
buy another fish tank and remodel it all
if they have any sound equipment or
something else
these vibrations can affect the
fish tank and the unicel what it does is
dampen a little and there are not as many
vibrations while thicker they can
get it in this case and it increases the
my fish tank costume is like about
260 liters is always less than what
they sell and apart one is not going to fill it
everything then more or less is like
about 260 liters and the thickness of the unicel
it is 2.5 centimeters
it's good this is the explanation
short of this and afterwards I'm going to upload
the videos I hope you liked
is what I do to make it
completely hidden
I have the pacifiers
here
neither the new search in the part of
behind
hidden with the truth
if the decorations are left, this is
the typical one that I taught them with the way
with the suckers
all the decorations below have
Pacifiers are stuck so that in this
case the carps are very playful like this
they always have the habit of getting you out
all then
I do this trick so they do not ruin me
the decorations and this little boat that
is there is with the stone and grad now
because I 'm going to put it on top so
take out the boat bubbles and have a
pretty father effect
this is the final part of the video where
I already learned the filters here is my
canister filter home
and this one where you just put the water
these are the last decorations
and here are my folders
They are two tents here
two layers coi
the jong-un tents that are from here in
Morelos from Cuernavaca
Yellow carp from Miami
and in the other tent white ribbon with
black is from shanghai
and I have two peppers two
leopard runners
and two other runners who lived
read the name of the species because it is
the coat
well this is all for the video we
we see in the following video tutorial and
I hope you have seen again how
weapon
I forgot as always to mention
that you use to stir the water save in
the buckets that I had
25% of the water from the other fish tank then
75% water was so new to you
It was
with blue bacteria
with a little bit of turbidity for me
rinse the water and complementary to believe
what is the anti chlorine and the conditioner
of water
only these three things
because the salt this can affect them
the runners then I do not use salt
and then I 'm